hi everyone welcome today we're gonna
make some fried calamari we're gonna
need a pan of calamari if you want the
tentacles also or just kind of money
teaspoon of black pepper a teaspoon of
seasoning this is a half salt half
garlic if you are in the u.s. you can
get gorgeou which is good about two cups
of oil 2 cups of flour
when to serve it we're gonna need a
little some lemons and Tabasco sauce
which is good but you can use tartar
sauce or any sauce you like for seafood
so let's get started okay so for our
flour we're gonna mix the seasoning and
the pepper we're gonna put it in the
flour and we're gonna mix it together
until it's well combined and after that
we're gonna cut the calamari and about a
quarter inch or half centimeter take a
thick like this you just need a sharp
knife and that's it so you're gonna cut
them just like this
very easy and for the tentacles we're
not going to do nothing to them because
they already came clean and everything
in the package so this they're gonna
stay like this so now that you have cut
it the calamari
I have already the flour ready so we'll
try to keep the Calamari's wet and we're
just gonna drop them in the flour and
just cover them with flour as much as
you can and after that
after you see they're all covered from
both sides here in here you just wanna
take them out of the flower try to take
the excess out we're gonna put them in a
platter for about five minutes we don't
need much because if you fry them right
now the flower is going to get out of
there in they're not going to fry it
very well so just wait five to ten
minutes and then we're gonna heat the
oil for the tentacles very easy just
take one and the same thing cover it
with flour and after that after it is
well covered just take out the excess so
it's been about ten minutes another if
you can tell the flour it doesn't look
like dry it's becoming to get wet so
this is what we want now we're going to
start to heat the oil we're gonna need a
temperature of 180 Celsius or 360
Fahrenheit and this is a very hot
temperature so keep in mind that use
your biggest flame so that you can get
this temperature okay guys so now the
oil has got the temperature of 360
Fahrenheit this is before the the oils
it starts to Katlin like smoke so it's a
little bit before that so if you got the
smoke like I am right now just lower the
temperature and take it away for maybe
like 20 seconds and the temperature is
going to drop this is just to show you
if you don't have a thermometer but okay
right so now that we got the temperature
we're going to start frying them in
frying them
for one minute maybe a minute and a half
because if you go over that they will
become like rubber just go little by
little don't put too much when when you
see they're like this color just take
them out there these are ready just keep
the heat on tight so that you can keep
the temperature and I'm gonna keep
frying until I finish all of them every
time you take some Calamari's out wait
maybe like one minute so that the
temperature goes up again the heat is on
high still always on high just making
sure the temperature is high now it's
been like one minute we're gonna start
putting some more in there okay guys so
here in a big batter we have place of
lettuce leaves a little bit of Tabasco
sauce and of course the calamari rings
and this is the final dish it's very
good I know you guys are gonna like it
so don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe see you next time bye